hello this is an unboxing video 25
summer do H 1 1 5 5 dark ops Holdings
this is the stratified er kept
bullfighting folder knife we're going to
take it out of the box here for you so
you can get a better look here you have
information on your guarantee strata
fighters featured are cuffs proprietary
raptor lock a self-cleansing double
talon lock system they uses the entire
length of the knife to support the open
blade the pommel end of the knife offers
an integrated emergency window breaker
and paracord safety tethering hole the
scales are made of T six one six zero
aircraft-grade hardened aluminum the
pocket clip is reversible for
ambidextrous tip up carry the blade
finish is a carbon black titanium carbon
nitride the blank steel is made from
dark rocks proprietary CTB to steal this
knife is 800 percent american-made go
ahead and hold it a little closer so you
can see
right here would be how you would
release your life put the blade back and
close it
and again this is the stratified or
tactical fighting folder knife by dark
ops Holdings